

Following added solutions to improve the matchmaking system. Shit ideas are enclosed by [.....]




1) Sucessful vote to start a league match requires 100% majority. This is to make sure the game can start without delay,
  and other trouble like being afk while everyone warms up.

    
2) Leaving the game and not rejoining within 5 minutes earns you the same ranking as if you've lost the game and performed very poorly.



3) A new player that comes and replaces someone gets the same points ingame as the worst player on the team.

For example: If Sonix replaces Player A, the topscorer of team blue, Sonix will pick the game up with the same ingame points as Player D,
 who is bottom scorer. He will not pick up where the leaver and topscorer A left. Rinse and repeat if this occasion happens multiple times.

 This is quite experimental, needs beta testing.



4) For capgames/Clans (not for TDM): If a league game is in progress, and someone leaves, first of all the game is fully frozen/ "paused". 
   If a substitute is not found within 5 minutes countdown again, the game will be erased from database. ]

---> Righfully according to Shiki, this is not possible with the current implementation.

[Now, for capgames, in some special circumstances, people can fuck around on purpose and make this a pain in the ass, if they decide just to 
leave and not come back. That's why we should keep the demo (if you can get it to work shiki) of these games, inspect the case by moderators, 
and then take appropriate measures against the user. For clanwars, i see this as a minor problem at best. Leaving games should be simply punished, 
like in every other online game.]

---> We can never get this to work because of the required space to save all of the server side demos. NEEDS BETTER SOLUTION:

Other solution: Require the players to save their own game demo as evidence. Also we should reserve the right to ban and exclude anyone if we feel
 like there is a good reason and enough evidence, even if there is no demo.

Maybe we can reserve demos only for critical matches or make a loop where the oldest demo gets erased by the newest demo, similar to CCTV. This would 
be an OK idea for storage space, but still terrible for bandwidth available. So just a thought.



    If we see anomalies, after all these measures, i think we can take further action. We will have to beta test this anyway.




    Contact GitHub API Training Shop Blog About 

    © 2017 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Security Status Help 

